if you tend to not be able to drink when you're when you're out in the
water. But, of course, when you pull in Yeah, that's the first thing
that people, uh, people do is they go to straight to the bars. You're
not supposed to bring the beer back, but you are allowed to drink
on the many establishments outside. Uh, if you are in the middle of
the water, then we have these things called still still beaches, which,
for instance, like Fourth of July, The commanding officer might,
um, say, hey, you know what? Like we're not working today, Um, since
everybody up to the to the hangar bay or to the to the flight deck
and you get two beers, they give you, like these ribbons. Um, and
those two beers, like you can either drink. I know you're not supposed
to, but some people, like, give ribbons to other people. They catch
you doing that, then? Yeah, you'll be reprimanded, but yeah, two
beers for that day, and then they don't want to see alcohol again.
Um, you know, the next day or the day before, So the still beaches happened.
Like I said, during holidays or after you've gotten done with
some really intense training